is the nraam center a popular Hotel all
year round especially during Christmas
celebrations but this year it says it
won't be celebrating as it joins a
movement in solidarity with the people
of Gaza normally right here there'd be a
massive
tree Christmas is is one of the most and
beautiful feast and and especially it's
it's happiness okay but it's very sad
this year actually we used to be fly
booked even overbooking we sent some
guests to other hotels but we were
shocked with this actually what's
happened and everything is
collapsed we don't know what is the end
of this war what when when is going to
be an end for it next month after two
weeks we we we don't any have a strategy
we don't know how to to build our future
well this is one of the most incredible
views of the old city I can see the new
gate just from here the Church of the
Holy sepra behind me and even Al AA Moss
just there on an average day 3 to 4,000
visitors would come and take pictures
here but as you can see it's completely
empty the sadness this year is felt
strongly amongst Palestinians because of
what's happening in Gaza and the
occupied territories but there's one
place that's trying to reduce that pain
and bring a bit more joy amongst
Palestinians and it's Santa's house in
The Old City the 25,000 people that
visit Santa's Grotto haven't turned up
this year but nevertheless Santa still
says he wants to spread a message my
message this year is different than
other years my message is wishing you
hope love and peace from the heart of
the world
Jerusalem and I want to wish you Merry
Christmas from my bottom of my heart
from the whole whole Holy
Land make sure to subscribe to our panel
to get the latest news from Al
jaer